Update Prow Jobs documentation (#5479)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/manage-component-jobs-with-templates.md

Follow these steps:

1. Create the configuration file.

   Go to `templates/data` and add a new YAML file (`<PROW JOB NAME>-data.yaml`) with Prow job details to the `render` list under the `templates` section.
   
   See an example that defines the `skr-aws-upgrade-integration-dev` test from the `kyma` repository, using the generic bootstrap:

   ```yaml
   templates:
      - fromTo:
           - from: templates/generic.tmpl
             to: ../prow/jobs/kyma/skr-aws-upgrade-integration-dev.yaml
        render:
           localSets:
              postsubmit:
                 type_postsubmit: "true"
                 cluster: "trusted-workload"
              ...
           jobConfigs:
              - repoName: "kyma-project/kyma"
                jobs:
                   - jobConfig:
                        name: "skr-aws-upgrade-integration-dev"
                        cron: "0 */4 * * *" # "Every four hours"
                        optional: true
        ...
   ```

   Such an entry uses the `generic.tmpl` template to create the `skr-aws-upgrade-integration-dev.yaml` file under

> the `/prow/jobs/kyma/` subfolder, specifying that postsubmit job for this test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Set the **optional** parameter to `true` for this job to be optional on pull requests (PRs), not to block others.
**Cron** parameter indicates that this Prow job is run every four hours.

   If needed, global config sets (**globalSets**) can be added to the `templates/config.yaml` file.

>    For **component job**, instead of `name`, `path` indicating the path to the component, is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For **component job**, instead of `name`, you must use `path` to indicate the path to the component.
```

   For example:

   ```yaml
   templates:
     - from: templates/generic.tmpl
       render:
         - to: ../prow/jobs/control-plane/components/provisioner/provisioner-generic.yaml
           jobConfigs:
             - repoName: "github.com/kyma-project/control-plane"
               jobs:
                 - jobConfig:
                     path: components/provisioner
   ```

   - For more information about creating template file, as well as local config sets (**localSets**), job configs (**jobConfig**) and

>      (**globalSets**), please refer to [specific documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Should I also change `specific documentation` to `Render Templates` as it was in other cases?

>    > **NOTE:** Make sure that the `.yaml` file and the component folder name are the same as the name of the Kyma component. Also, all `.yaml` files in the whole `jobs` structure need to have unique names.

Author: As far as I know, files must have a unique name, but not necessarily they must have the same name as a component, but let's say it is good when they have - to keep it clean and more readable

>    Use the buildpack for Go or Node.js applications provided in the `test-infra` repository. It is the standard mechanism for defining Prow jobs. If the buildpack you want to use is not there yet, you have to add it. When you add a new buildpack, follow the example of the already defined ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the buildpack for Go or Node.js applications provided in the `test-infra` repository. It is the standard mechanism for defining Prow jobs. If the buildpack you want to use is not there yet, you must add it. When you add a new buildpack, follow the example of the already defined ones.
```

   
   When writing tests for a new component, use the `tester.GetKymaReleasesSince({next release})` function to create tests for release jobs.

3. Generate jobs.

   Run one of these commands to generate jobs previously defined in the `config.yaml` file:

   ```bash
   go run development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates/main.go --data path/to/directory/with/data/files
   ```
   or
   ```bash
   make jobs-definitions
   ```
   
   As a result, the Render Templates tool generates the requested job files.

4. Check your configuration locally.

   Use the `development/validate-config.sh` script to validate your Prow configuration. The script accepts three arguments:

   - The path to the plugins configuration file (`prow/plugins.yaml`)
   - The path to the generic configuration file (`prow/config.yaml`)
   - The path to the directory with job definitions (`prow/jobs/`)

   See an example:

   ```bash
   cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/kyma-project/test-infra
   ./development/validate-config.sh prow/plugins.yaml prow/config.yaml prow/jobs/
   ```

5. Merge the changes.

>    Create a PR with your changes in the `config.yaml` file and the job files generated by the Render Templates.

Reviewer: ...by the templates or by the Render Templates tool?

Author: ...by Render Templates tool from template 😅 but I need to change this sentence anyway, cause it's not `config.yaml` anymore

   After your PR is reviewed and approved, merge the changes to the `test-infra` repository. The job configuration is automatically applied to the Prow production cluster. The `config_updater` plugin configured in the `prow/plugins.yaml` file adds a comment to the PR:

![msg](./assets/msg-updated-config.png)

6. Create a Makefile for your component.

>    Buildpacks require `Makefile` defined in your component directory under the `kyma` repository. The `Makefile` has to define the **ci-release** target that is executed for a PR issued against the release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Buildpacks need a `Makefile` defined in your component directory under the `kyma` repository. The `Makefile` must define the **ci-release** target that is executed for a PR issued against the release branch.
```

>    See an example of `Makefile` for the Console Backend Service component that already uses the generic buildpack:

Reviewer: wait, I thought this component doesn't exist anymore? Should we still use it as an example? Or am I confusing some components?

Author: Good point 😅 I will change the example

   ```Makefile
   APP_NAME = console-backend-service
   APP_PATH = components/$(APP_NAME)
   BUILDPACK = eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/test-infra/buildpack-golang-toolbox:v20190930-d28d219
   SCRIPTS_DIR = $(realpath $(shell pwd)/../..)/scripts
   
   include $(SCRIPTS_DIR)/go-dep.mk
   
   VERIFY_IGNORE := /vendor\|/automock\|/testdata\|/pkg
   
   .PHONY: path-to-referenced-charts
   path-to-referenced-charts:
       @echo "resources/core"
   
   ```

   > **NOTE** Add a tab before each command.

   If your job involves pushing a Docker image, its name is based on the following environment variables:
   
   - **DOCKER_TAG** that refers to the Docker tag set by the `build.sh` script.
   - **DOCKER_PUSH_DIRECTORY** that points to the directory in the Docker repository where the image is pushed. Set it in the job definition by adding the **preset-build-pr**, **preset-build-main**, or **preset-build-release** Preset.
   - **DOCKER_PUSH_REPOSITORY** that is the Docker repository where the image is pushed. It is set in the job definition by the **preset-docker-push-repository** Preset.

> 7. Change your component job and test to obligatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Make your component job and test obligatory.
```

   ```yaml
   templates:
   - from: generic.tmpl
     render:
      - to: ../../prow/jobs/kyma/components/compass-runtime-agent/compass-runtime-agent-generic.yaml
        jobConfigs:
         - repoName: "github.com/kyma-project/kyma"
           jobs:
            - jobConfig:
              path: components/compass-runtime-agent
              args:
              - "/home/prow/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/kyma/components/compass-runtime-agent"
              run_if_changed: "^components/compass-runtime-agent/|^common/makefiles/"
              release_since: "1.7"
              optional: true
           ...
   ```

   Such an entry uses the `generic.tmpl` template to create the `compass-runtime-agent-generic.yaml` file under the `/prow/jobs/kyma/components/compass-runtime-agent/` subfolder, specifying that the presubmit and postsubmit jobs for this component should apply from the `1.7` release onwards.
   Set the **optional** parameter to `true` for this job to be optional on pull requests (PRs), not to block others.

   If needed, you can add global Config Sets (**globalSets**) to the `templates/config.yaml` file.

>    - For more information about creating template file, as well as local config sets (**localSets**), job configs (**jobConfig**) and (**globalSets**), read [Render Templates](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about creating template files, as well as local config sets (**localSets**), job configs (**jobConfig**) and (**globalSets**), read [Render Templates](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates).
```

There's no second bullet in this list, so we can remove the bullet. I hope I didn't mess up the indentation :D
